[title]
Test Ignore me {alternative: {*}, composer: {*}, writer: {*}, arranger: {*}, interpreter: {*}, band: {*}, key: {*}, tempo: {*}, tags: {*}, version: {*}, genre: {*}, rcId: {*}, id: {pkiA5akQix1n3JHo7VhgjQ}, contentHash: {0ec0d8}}

[sequence]
v1.1,v1.2,v1.3

[v1.1]
1 space-not-expected-before Îtext
space-not-expected-before âtext
space-not-expected-before îtext
space-not-expected-before ătext
space-not-expected-before Âtext
space-not-expected-before Ștext
space-not-expected-before ștext
space-not-expected-before Ătext
space-not-expected-before Țtext
space-not-expected-before țtext
space-not-expected-before -text
space-not-expected-before ’text
space-not-expected-before ’text
space-not-expected-before ”text
space-not-expected-before „text

[v1.2]
textÎ single-space-expected-after-this
textâ single-space-expected-after-this
textî single-space-expected-after-this
textă single-space-expected-after-this
textÂ single-space-expected-after-this
textȘ single-space-expected-after-this
textș single-space-expected-after-this
textĂ single-space-expected-after-this
textȚ single-space-expected-after-this
textț single-space-expected-after-this
text- single-space-expected-after-this
text’ single-space-expected-after-this
text’ single-space-expected-after-this
text” single-space-expected-after-this
text„ single-space-expected-after-this

[v1.3]
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-textÎ
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-textâ
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-textî
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-textă
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-textÂ
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-textȘ
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-textș
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-textĂ
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-textȚ
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-textț
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-text-
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-text’
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-text’
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-text”
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-text„
end-of-line-works-without-extra-space-text„
